Remove HTMLAttrxRef macro, part 1 (#25258)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/input/range/index.md

### Setting the value's granularity

> By default, the granularity, is 1, meaning that the value is always an integer. You can change the [`step`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes#step) attribute to control the granularity. For example, If you need a value to be halfway between 5 and 10 you should set the value of `step` to 0.5:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the granularity is 1, meaning the value is always an integer. To control the granularity, you can change the [`step`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#step) attribute. For example, If you need a value to be halfway between 5 and 10, you should set the value of `step` to 0.5:
```
